when people ask me what I want to do the
truest answer I can give you is I want
to pull people out of the matrix so
intimate movie The Matrix which if you
haven't seen Morpheus gives neo two
different pills to choose from and the
blue pill you wake up in your bed you
believe whatever you want to believe
this is just been a strange dream but if
you take the red pill you wake up in the
real world now he doesn't promise that
the real world is going to be fun or
pretty or enjoyable but he does promise
that it's real and for the first time
you will actually understand the way the
world works to me that's the perfect
metaphor for life so the matrix is your
mindset
[Music]